README.md, before:

# Code Generation

# Presentations

- [Code generation on the Java VM](https://speakerdeck.com/sullis/code-generation-on-the-java-vm-montreal-2019-11-05) - Montreal Java User Group, November 2019
- [Code generation: principles and challenges](https://conferences.oreilly.com/oscon/oscon-or-2019/public/schedule/detail/75958) ([pdf](https://cdn.oreillystatic.com/en/assets/1/event/295/Code%20generation_%20Principles%20and%20challenges%20Presentation.pdf)) - Luke Sneeringer at OSCON July 2019
- [Making Java More Dynamic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjtrl66J26g) - Rafael Winterhalter (ByteBuddy) at W-JAX April 2019
- [Understanding Dagger 2's Codegen implementation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UWWFBEhW3Q) - Gregory Kick at Devoxx 2017
- [Generating Kotlin Code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_obNBSldffw) - Alec Strong and Jake Wharton at KotlinConf 2017
- [Code generation with Scalameta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONlBglP8H3Y) - Devon Stewart at ScalaMatsuri 2017

# REST API code generation
- [ApiBuilder](https://www.apibuilder.io/)
- [guardrail](https://guardrail.dev/)
- [openapi-generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator)
- [autorest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest)

Commit message:

add Michael Pollmeier at ScalaDays Chicago 2017

README.md, after:

# Code Generation

# Presentations

- [Code generation on the Java VM](https://speakerdeck.com/sullis/code-generation-on-the-java-vm-montreal-2019-11-05) - Montreal Java User Group, November 2019
- [Code generation: principles and challenges](https://conferences.oreilly.com/oscon/oscon-or-2019/public/schedule/detail/75958) ([pdf](https://cdn.oreillystatic.com/en/assets/1/event/295/Code%20generation_%20Principles%20and%20challenges%20Presentation.pdf)) - Luke Sneeringer at OSCON July 2019
- [Making Java More Dynamic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjtrl66J26g) - Rafael Winterhalter (ByteBuddy) at W-JAX April 2019
- [Understanding Dagger 2's Codegen implementation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UWWFBEhW3Q) - Gregory Kick at Devoxx 2017
- [Generating Kotlin Code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_obNBSldffw) - Alec Strong and Jake Wharton at KotlinConf 2017
- [Code generation with Scalameta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONlBglP8H3Y) - Devon Stewart at ScalaMatsuri 2017
- [Introduction to code generation with Scalameta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l88-ljjtLO0) ([slides](https://www.michaelpollmeier.com/presentations/2017-04-22-scalameta-scaladays/#/))- Michael Pollmeier at ScalaDays Chicago 2017

# REST API code generation
- [ApiBuilder](https://www.apibuilder.io/)
- [guardrail](https://guardrail.dev/)
- [openapi-generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator)
- [autorest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest)
